Team Meeting 
11/20/2024 
3:00PM 
NJIT 
Meeting called by: Julia Sklodowska (Host) 
Facilitator: Julia Sklodowska (Host) 
Timekeeper: Valerie Sanglay   
Attendees: Julia Sklodowska, Valerie Sanglay, Pooja Loganathan, Allie He 
Please read: HCI Principles, WCAG guidelines, Preliminary analysis findings on AbilityHub, Competitive 
analysis research 
Please bring: Laptop, notes, feedback on competitive analysis and personas, user feedback 
Type of meeting: Project Progress Check/Review 
Note taker: Allie He and Pooja Loganathan 

Minutes 
Agenda item: 
Discussion: - Created Competitive Analysis 
Presenter: Julia Sklodowska 
Did an overview of Preliminary Analysis of AbilityHub’s strengths and accessibility gaps (added to slides): 
o Navigation flow is cluttered, and task creation requires three menus. 
o Interface strengths: minimalistic layout but inconsistent iconography. 
o Accessibility gaps: no support for screen readers, small text size. - 
Made Competitive Analysis table of its competitors (added to slides) 
o CareZone: Strengths include family sharing features and accessibility compliance. 
o Pill Reminder: Focused on medication tracking but with an outdated interface. 
o Wellframe: Combines professional design with advanced care coordination and analytics. 
o Brainstormed AbilityHub’s weaknesses compared to these and its opportunities for improvement  
Conclusions:
Accessibility enhancements will widen the app’s user base and improve user satisfaction. 
Improvement opportunities found for AbilityHub in accessibility and navigation. 
Features like family sharing and better notifications can help better competitiveness. 
Action items 
✓ Review/Perfect Competitive Analysis  
✓ Add Opportunities for Improvement to Slides 
✓ Review/Perfect Preliminary Analysis 

Agenda item: 
Discussion: - Persona Creation  
Presenter: Allie He 
Created 2 personas for the app to see a user’s POV, pain points, and needs (added to the slides) 
o Maria Lopez: Full-time caregiver with moderate tech savviness. Needs simplified navigation and cross
platform functionality. 
o James Patel: Remote supporter with high tech savviness. Needs collaborative tools and real-time 
notifications. 
Conclusions: 
Figured out necessary improvements for AbilityHub based on personas goals, needs, and pain points 
Action items 
✓ Review Persona Slide 
✓ Add Persona Goals 
✓ Add Persona Photo 

Agenda item: 
Discussion: - Finalize Slideshow (Findings and Recommendations) 
Presenter: Pooja Loganathan 
Finalized slideshow by adding the last elements, which are findings, recommendations, and the conclusion slides 
o Findings show strengths, weaknesses, and user feedback (we discussed user feedback) 
o Recommendations given based on user feedback, competitive analysis, and personas 
▪ E.g. streamlining task creation to 1-2 steps, having high contrast mode and adjustable text 
sizes, family sharing, etc,. 
o Conclusions stated summary and next steps of implementation and user testing 
Conclusions: - Finalized the improvements and recommendations AbilityHub needs 
Action items 
✓ Review Finalized Slides 
✓ Add Visuals to Slides 
✓ Improve Layout of Slides 

Other Information 
Observers: 
N/A 
Resources: 
N/A 
Special notes: 
Next Steps: - 
Review Slides 
Add Necessary Missing Information to Slides (if any) 
Fix Some Formatting of Slides 
Add More Visuals 
Start to Practice Presenting Slides 
